Lauren: What do you call a Lauren that you write with? : Laur-pen
Melissa: What do you call an obvious Melissa: Meliss-duh
Connie: What do you call a Connie in the ocean: Connsea
William: What do you call a William that lives in the sea?: Willi-clam
Kelley: What do you call a Kelley that pushes people away? : Rep-elley
Sweetkruthi: What do you call a Sweetkruthi that you drink?: Sweetkiruth-tea
Jeffrey: What do you call a female Jeffrey? : Jeffershe
Sven: What do you call a Sven that used to be Constantinople?: I-sven-bul
Anupam: What do you call an annoying Anupam?: Anuspam
Conner: What do you call a Conner that is a cat?: Connpurr
Andrew: What do you call an Andrew that is a soup?: Andstew
Jeremy: What do you call a Jeremy that is a truck? : JerRAMy
Nicole: What do you call a Nicole that is a theif? : Nicstole
Valerie: What do you call a tall Valerie?: Valertree
Mowgli: What do you call a Mowgli that is a river? : Flowgli
Dae: What's it called when Dae is in harms way?: Dae-nger
Isabel: Why is Isabel a good writer?: She knows how to Isabspell
Holden: What do you call a Holden that got in troube?: Scoldenn
Cecilia: What do you call a Cecilia that you touch? : Cecfeelia
Alexus: What does Alexus commute in? : An Alexbus
Kari: What do you call a Kari that is an insect? : Karbee
Michael: What do you call a Michael in a pickle?: Michdill
Fherna: What do you call a Fherna you can no longer feel?: Fhernumb
Khushi: What do you call a Khushi that lives on a farm?: Khusheep
Brook: What do you call a Brook that you read from?:a Storybrook
Stefanie: What dou you call a Stefanie that is not allowed?: Stefbanie
Thomas: What do you call a Thomas that is a preacher? : Thombless
Eric: What do you call two Erics? : A Pairic
Jessica: What do you call a Jessica that is a slob? : Messica
Liam: What does Liam take pictures with? : A Licam
Devyn: What do you call the Bottom of Devyn's face? : A Devchin
Langston: What do you call a Langston that is a play on words? : Langstpun
James: What do you call it when James has a good time? : Fun and James
Marwa: What do you call a Marwa you drive places? : Carwa
Garrett: What do you call a Garrett that you sit on?: Chairett
Louis: What do you call a Louis that gives you a hint? : Clueius
Marci: What do you call a Marci that runs away?: Marcflee
Amber: What do you call an Amber that is fabulous?: Glamber
Kristine: What do you call a Kristine that is a legume? : Kristbean
Pim: What does Pim yell when he cuts down a tree?: Pim-ber
Ivan: What do you call Ivan's family? : His Ivclan
Shane: What sorts of songs does a Shane that is a pirate sing? : Sea Shaneties
Xiulong: What do you call a Xiulong that sings?: Xiusong
Chao: What do you call a Chao that you eat in Boston? : Clam Chao-der
Ryan: What do you call a Ryan on a clothes line?: Dryan
Daniel: What do you call a Daniel that houses crustaceans? : Danshell
Bradley: What do you call a Bradley whose hair is tied together? : Braidley
Yonghyeon: What do you call a Yonghyeon you use to serves salad? : Tonghyeon
Tianhao: What do you call a Tianhao you use on the farm? : Tianplow
Kaz: Where does Kaz go to shop in bulk? : Kaztco
Brendan: What do you call a Brendan that makes a lot of purchases? : Spendan
Jimmy: What do you call a Jimmy that is a fruit preserve? : Jammy
Vitaliy: What do you call a Vitaliy full of saliva? : Spitaliy
Jordan: What do you call a sandy Jordan? : Shoredan
Ethan: What do you call an Ehtan's friend group? : His Ethfam
Harrison: What do you call a Harrison that you feed to sharks? : Harrischum
Songlei: What do you call a Songlei that isn't right? : Wronglei
Bonan: How did Bonan get away? : They Bonran
Henry: What do you call a cheesy Henry? : Henbrie
Raymond: What do you call a Raymond that is full of water? : Raympond
Yvonne: What do you call a Yvonne in a game of chess?:Yvpawn
Lance: What do you call a Lance who is a coincidence?: Happenstlance
Peter: What do you call a Peter who likes winter sports? : Skiter
Hayden: What do you call a Hayden you can mold? : Clayden
Joshua: What do you call a Joshua you throw in the air? : Tossuah
Tiona: What do you call a duplicate Tiona? : Ticlona
Steve: What do you call a Steve that goes away?: Stleave
Xingyun: What do you call a Xingyun you put your hot dog in? : Xingybun
Mariella: What do you call a Mariella that wins a spelling bee? : Marispella
Nate: What do you call a Nate that gets rid of things? : ExtermiNate
Hudson:What do you call a Hudson that is a potato? : Spudson
Damita: What do you call a Damita that you eat? : Dampita
Javad: What do you call a modified Javad? : Javmod
Jordie: What do you call a Jordie that keeps you warm in the winter?: Jorfleece
Kelly: What do you call a Kelly that is an entrepreneur : Sell-y
Spencer: What do you call a dizzy Spencer? : Spincer
Zhochen: What do you call a Zhochen that you write with? : Zhocpen
Zihui: What do you call a Zihui that is not longer restrained? : Freehui
Larry: What do you call a Larry you walk up? : Stair-ry
Heegi: What do you call a happy Heegi? : Heeglee
Solayman: What do you call a Solayman that soup comes in? : Solaycan
Roy: What do you call a calculating Roy? : Algo-roy-thmic
Peiyu: What do you call a Peiyu on your feet? : Peishoe
Sandy: What do you call a prepared Sandy?  : Plandy 
Aitong: What do you call an Aitong that is an old fashioned Arcade Game: Aitpong
Lena: What do you call a Lena that hates messes? : cLena
Tal: What do you call a Tal that has been founded? : Es-Tal-blished
Mike:What do you call an incredible Mike?: Re-mike-able
Jierui: What do you call a Jierui that is a cow? : Jiermoo
Shawni: What do you call a Shawni that is a lawyer? : Lawni
Jack: What do you call a Jack who didn't get into the Comp Sci Major? : re-Jack-ted
Nicolas:What do you call a Nicolas that loses? : Nicolast
Noah: What do you call a cold Noah? : Snowah
Theresa: What do you called a ripped Theresa? : Tear-esa
Erik: What do you call an Erik you strum a guitar with?: Erpick
Matthew: What do you call a Matthew that you use to solve a mystery? : Mattclue
Kush: What do you call a Kush you use as padding? : A Kushion
Christina: What do you call a Christina that you wear as pants? : Christ-Jean-a
Megumi: What do you call a Megumi that you eat for breakfast? : Eggumi
Muddassir: What do you call a Muddassir that is your friend? : Buddassir
Cheyenne: What do you call a Cheyenne you cook with? : Frypanne
Jagdeep: What do you call a Jagdeep that is an Easter Candy? : Jagpeep
Clifford: What do you call a wooden Clifford? : Cliffboard
Rushil: What do you call a sad Rushil? : Blueshil
Peerapong: What do you call a sharp Peerapong?: Spearapong
Kyle: What do you call a sad Kyle?: Cryle
Emilynn: What city does Emilynn live in?: Emilynnwood
Marco: What do you call a Marco you play in?: A Parko
Bridhett: What do you call a Bridhett that is your companion? : Bridhpett
Krystal: What do you a Krystal that likes to gossip?: Krystell
Kohl: What do you call a flexible Kohl?: a Kohntortionist
Alycia: What did Alycia sign to live in her apartment? : A-lease-ia
Nathachanok: what do you call a Nathachanok that tells time?: Nathachanclock
Tyler: What do you call a sad Tyler?: Cryler
Manny:What do you call a Manny that you've got under control?: Mannygeable
Aaron: What do you call an entertaining Aaron?: Aarfun
Cade: What do you call a pristine Cade? : Impeccadeble
Rishabh: What do you call a Rishabh in water?: Fishabh
Ian: What do you call a prehistoric Ian: A NeIANderthal
Quan: What is the source of Quan's fairly magic? : a Quand
Emily: What do you call a begging Emily?: Emilplea
Vince: What do you call a Vince who is a 90's tv star?: The Fresh Vince of Bel-Air
Jianyi: What do you call a Jianyi that plays golf?: Jiantee
Yiwen: What do you call a Yiwen that already happened?: Yiwthen